The capstone project is centered around creating
a 100-day plan for launching a new data science initiative.
Upon assuming a new leadership role within a company,
whether from an internal move or from joining the company anew,
it is common for an executive to be asked to
prepare a plan for their first 100 days in the job.
Such a plan gives an opportunity for a new leader to set
strategic priorities regarding the structures and
culture she would like her organization to adopt,
to set out a human capital plan for building and leading the organization,
and to specify an initial roadmap of projects upon
which the organization will focus in its initial operations.
You will use two templates we've provided to
complete the activities associated with the capstone project.
The first template is this document,
which models the various activities we've completed to help you organize
all the relevant information required of the individual parts of the capstone project.
You will use this information to create your 100-day plan using the second template,
a slide deck presentation that you'll be giving to your CEO
in what essentially will serve as a pitch deck for your 100-day plan.